Why lie to you
Xiaoyan, you
Just stay in the hospital with peace of mind
After we wait
Come to my wedding with Xiaoxue
You've already left.
Thank you silly girl, what are you thanking me for?
If you want to thank me, I should thank you.
You thank me you thank my left hand
Nothing.
Don't talk about this
Now Grandpa Jiang is hospitalized.
Your father is here to take care of him, isn't he?
Why don't I buy you a house in Huahai?
I don't need silver third brother
It's such a waste.
What is it called a waste to buy you a house?
And this house
If you buy it, you can make a profit but not lose it.
Really. Hmm.
It must be true.
With economic development, ah.
House prices will also rise
It must be earned before it reaches the peak
Just rest assured.
You take care of Grandpa Jiang first
I'll go help him